I haven't told you yet?
I'm still watching over you in Dibang, right?
What are you meeting with her?
After my parents gave birth, Cherish and I were ready to mess with Auntie’s plan.
Would you like to go in quickly and see how my mother gets in?
Okay, you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought
you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you
thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you
thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you thought you
Will this sound make your mother undergo an operation?
I reminded you before that you want us to get a divorce, and I agree.